OpenCTI v2 (#11328)
demisto/content: Packs/FeedOpenCTI/Integrations/FeedOpenCTI_v4/FeedOpenCTI_v4_description.md

> ## Configure OpenCTI Feed v4 on Cortex XSOAR
> 
> In order to retrieve **API Key**, navigate to OpenCTI URL. On the upper right corner click on an icon with person. Go to profile. Under **API access** written the **API KEY**.  

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Get your API key 

In order to retrieve **API Key**: 
1. Navigate to OpenCTI instance. 
2. Navigate to the user profile (Person icon on the upper right corner). 
3. Under **API access** you will see the **API KEY**.  
```
